Update versioned release process (#438)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/contribute-documentation/contribute-release-notes/index.md

If your entry is already live in both _What's new in Cloud_ and it's between the cut-off date for a versioned release and the release date, update the CMS and then reach out to the person responsible for creating the versioned release notes.

If your entry requires an update after it's live in both the Cloud and self-managed What's new, you'll need to update both entries.

### Create the versioned release notes

The following instructions are for the person directly responsible for creating the versioned release notes. This is typically someone on the Technical Writing team.

1. After the cut-off date for What's new entries has passed, cut a branch and create a draft PR with an empty `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` file to be populated with the What's new content for the next release. This PR should include:

   - Updates to the `whatsnew/_index.md`
   - Update to the link and version number located on the What's new tile of `docs/sources/_index.md`
   - The new upgrade guide
   - The new breaking changes page, if needed

1. Label the PR `no-backport` for now; this may change.

> 1. Have someone, typically the Tech Writing team build engineer, generate a markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ with the following conditions:

Reviewer: nit: Markdown.

I need to look into why Vale isn't flagging this but that can wait.

```suggestion
1. Have someone, typically the Tech Writing team build engineer, generate a Markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ with the following conditions:
```

   - Filtered by the relevant Grafana version
   - Includes front matter for each entry
   - Grouped by tags; entries with multiple tags should only be included once, grouped by their first tag alphabetically

> 1. Add the content of this markdown file to the `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` file using the tags data to group items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the content of this Markdown file to the `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` file using the tags data to group items.
```

>    If there are internal enablement videos listed for entries, but the associated YouTube videos aren't in the body text of those entries yet, you'll need to add them later. To do this, generate another markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ closer to the release date and make updates in the `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` file from it.

Author: @clayton-cornell - Is this more clear?

>    If there are internal enablement videos listed for entries, but the associated YouTube videos aren't in the body text of those entries yet, you'll need to add them later. To do this, generate another markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ closer to the release date and make updates in the `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` file from it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If internal enablement videos are listed for entries, but the associated YouTube videos aren't in the body text of those entries yet, you'll need to add them later. To do this, generate another markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ closer to the release date and make updates in `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` from the newly generated file.
```

Small change around the internal enablements videos... 

The `from it` doesn't make sense to me... update from what? Are you making updates in the whats-new-in-vxx-x.md or in the newly generated file?

Author: You're making updates in the `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md`  file based on the newly generated What's new in Cloud file.

>    If internal enablement videos are listed for entries, but the associated YouTube videos aren't in the body text of those entries yet, you'll need to add them later. To do this, generate another markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ closer to the release date and make updates in `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` from the newly generated file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If internal enablement videos are listed for entries, but the associated YouTube videos aren't in the body text of those entries yet, you'll need to add them later.
   To do this, generate another Markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ closer to the release date and make updates in `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` from the newly generated file.
```

1. A week before the release date, change the PR status from **Draft** to **Ready for Review** to signal to other stakeholders that the PR is now ready for any further review.

>    Reviews **must not include any copy edits** unless there are inaccuracies or typos, because all copy edits should happen when entries are added in the _What's new in Cloud_. If there are any inaccuracies, those need to be corrected in both the Cloud and versioned What's new.

Reviewer: nit: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#bold

```suggestion
   Reviews _must not include any copy edits_ unless there are inaccuracies or typos, because all copy edits should happen when entries are added in the _What's new in Cloud_.
   If there are any inaccuracies, those need to be corrected in both the Cloud and versioned What's new.
```

### Create the versioned release notes

The following instructions are for the person directly responsible for creating the versioned release notes. This is typically someone on the Technical Writing team.

1. After the cut-off date for What's new entries has passed, cut a branch and create a draft PR with an empty `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` file to be populated with the What's new content for the next release. This PR should include:

   - Updates to the `whatsnew/_index.md`
   - Update to the link and version number located on the What's new tile of `docs/sources/_index.md`
   - The new upgrade guide
   - The new breaking changes page, if needed

1. Label the PR `no-backport` for now; this may change.

1. Have someone, typically the Tech Writing team build engineer, generate a markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ with the following conditions:

   - Filtered by the relevant Grafana version
   - Includes front matter for each entry
   - Grouped by tags; entries with multiple tags should only be included once, grouped by their first tag alphabetically

1. Add the content of this markdown file to the `whats-new-in-vxx-x.md` file using the tags data to group items.

>    If YouTube videos aren't yet in the body text of the entries, you might need to add them later. To do this, generate another markdown file from the _What's new in Cloud_ and make updates from it.

Reviewer 2: So (looking at this as someone who hasn't needed to do this procedure yet)... how do you know you "might need to add them later"?  And are you making updates in the new markdown file? What happens to the previous markdown file?
